Update 'Jump Start Guide' page to modern cats (#3851)
typelevel/cats: docs/src/main/mdoc/jump_start_guide.md

Otherwise it becomes `Left` with the provided `ifNone` value inside.

> ## `import cats.syntax.apply._`

Reviewer: 🤔 We may want to change the heading here, since this was styled after a-la-carte syntax imports

Author: Changed to ```import cats.syntax.all._```

}
```

By default the implicit instances (namely, [`Functor[Future]`](http://typelevel.org/cats/api/cats/Functor.html) and

> [`Semigroupal[Future]`](https://typelevel.org/cats/api/cats/Semigroupal.html)) required for `mapN` to work properly are automatically imported. These are present in the respective companion objects of the instances and hence we do not need to import them explicitly.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Semigroupal[Future]`](https://typelevel.org/cats/api/cats/Semigroupal.html)) required for `mapN` to work properly are always visible. They are present in the respective companion objects of the instances and hence we do not need to import them explicitly.  
```

Author: Incorporated these changes

```scala mdoc:silent

> import cats.syntax.traverse._

Reviewer: I think we probably want to update all these examples to use the `all` syntax import

# Common issues

> The Cats type class instances for standard library types are available in implicit scope and hence no longer have to be imported. If anything doesn't compile as expected, first make sure all the required Cats implicits are in the scope — just try importing ```cats.syntax.all._``` and see if the problem persists. The only exception is here is Cat's own ```Order``` and ```PartialOrder``` type classes which are available by importing ```cats.implicits._```. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cats type class instances for standard library types are available in implicit scope and hence no longer have to be imported. If anything doesn't compile as expected, first make sure all the required Cats syntax implicits are in the scope — try importing ```cats.syntax.all._``` and see if the problem persists. The only exception is here is Cat's own ```Order``` and ```PartialOrder``` type classes which are available by importing ```cats.implicits._```. 
```
